Trixie image updates and accessibility changes (#4207)
raspberrypi/documentation: documentation/asciidoc/computers/raspberry-pi/frequency-management.adoc

NOTE: This setting has been removed on 5-series devices and is effectively always mode 3.

> In addition, a more stepped CPU governor is also used to produce finer-grained control of Arm core frequencies, which means the DVFS is more effective. The steps are now 1500MHz, 1000MHz, 750MHz, and 600MHz. These steps can also help when the SoC is being throttled, and mean that throttling all the way back to 600MHz is much less likely, giving an overall increase in fully loaded performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, a more stepped CPU governor is also used to produce finer-grained control of Arm core frequencies, which means the DVFS is more effective. The steps are now 1500 MHz, 1000 MHz, 750 MHz, and 600 MHz. These steps can also help when the SoC is being throttled, and mean that throttling all the way back to 600 MHz is much less likely, giving an overall increase in fully loaded performance.
```
